Silas stripped naked and did a running cannonball into the pool, his long cock slapping against his thigh.
I could see all of him through the crystalline water.
"Get in!" he called out as he shook the water from hair.
"It's fucking amazing!"
I took off my uniform and tried to casually suck in my stomach.
I tested the temperature with my toe and slowly lowered myself into the pool.
"Hey, no cheating!" Silas said. "We're skinny dipping!"
I laughed and nervously played with my hair.
"Okay."
I wriggled out of my soaked bra and panties and placed them on the concrete ledge.
My breasts floated and shone under the moonlight as I treaded water.
"You gotta get your hair wet, too. Sorry. I don't make the rules."
"Oh, not a chance. I am not getting any nasty chemicals in my hair."
Silas began swimming toward me.
I shrieked playfully and paddled away.
He quickly caught up and tried to dunk me with both hands.
I slipped away, wrapped my arms around his neck, and clung tightly to his back.
I was hyper aware of his naked body against mine.
We wrestled and grappled and laughed, and then he kissed me.
It was what I'd been waiting for all summer.
His touch was sensual and confident, and the water slowly rolled down our faces.
Our legs churned below the surface.
His erection was rigid and textured against my skin.
I pulled him closer.
I never wanted the moment to end.
I heard a splash, and saw that Weston had undressed and jumped in after us.
His strokes were long and sleek.
Three wet tongues glided and groped, and I couldn't tell whose hands were whose.
My muscles burned and ached from the strain.
I took both their hands and led them into the shallow end.
I reclined on the steps leading out of the pool, offering my wet body.
I felt like a goddess.
Silas took Weston's hand and placed it on my breast.
He held his breath.
The thin fabric of his boxers clung to his shape.
Silas pulled down Weston's underwear and took his thick shaft in his hand.
Silas moved his fist up and down in rapid rhythmic motions.
Weston tipped back his head and moaned.
I looked on with curiosity.
Silas sat on the stairs and guided Weston on top of me.
He stroked our hair and kissed us both, then he had us kiss each other.
My whole body tingled.
We made out hard and sloppy as Silas watched.
Weston got on his knees between my legs and clumsily pushed himself inside me.
I gasped out loud.
It hurt for a second or two, but the glossy friction of his pounding cock put me in a trance.
The water splashed and frothed with every thrust.
I held onto the metal railing and closed my eyes in rapture.
Silas kissed my ear, my clavicle, the tip of my nose.
He sucked my breasts.
Licked my stomach.
Penetrated my belly button with his tongue.
Silas crouched over me and maneuvered his dick into my mouth.
I bobbed my head up and down and swirled my tongue, never letting go of the rail.
I sucked his testicles so hard that my cheeks hurt.
Weston adjusted my hips and went deeper.
Silas stood up and got behind Weston.
He teased his asshole with his fingers.
Stroked his perineum.
Massaged his balls.
He got even more enthusiastic as Silas first pleasured him, then carefully worked his cock into Weston's tight ass.
He let out a guttural groan and collapsed all his weight on top of me.
I dug my nails into his back and buried my face in the curve of my neck.
Silas forcefully gripped his shoulders and grunted with every thrust.
He slapped Weston's ass and yanked his hair.
I put one leg up and fucked him back.
Weston came inside me, and it was thick and fluid and seemed to spill out from every side.
Silas pulled out and ejaculated on his back.
Tiny clouds of semen floated in the water.
Silas put his hand behind my head and kissed me deeply.
Weston was still moving slowly, slowly, inside me.
"Did you cum?" Silas asked as he kissed my shoulder.
"Mmm. I think so..."
Silas reached under Weston's stomach and went down, down, down.
He lightly circled his fingers around my clitoris.
Weston softly kissed my neck.
I could feel him getting hard inside me.
Weston pushed himself up on his palms and started grinding.
Silas stimulated my clitoris until my pussy was on fire.
I touched my breasts.
I touched my throat.
"Ohmygodohmygodohmygod," I cried.
"Don't stop."
"That's right," Silas whispered.
"Cum for me."
"Oh fuck," I croaked.
Silas laid down next to me and eased his cock into my asshole.
He reached out and put his arms around Weston.
Weston put his arms around Silas.
I was pressed between them as they fucked me like I was the last woman on Earth.
I kissed Weston.
Silas kissed me.
They kissed each other.
I climaxed, once, twice, and they came again.
My limbs were like jelly.
We exited through the front door and fall asleep together in the bed of Silas' truck.
